[clang] Fix a crash from nested ArrayInitLoopExpr (#67722)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  argument. Fixes:
  (`#67395 <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/67395>`_)

> - Fix a bug when destructors in a ``constexpr`` structured binding were
>   called at the wrong place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug causing destructors of constant-evaluated structured bindings initialized by array elements to be called in the wrong evaluation context.
```
